#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.10
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile
#
aiohttp==3.9.1
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
aiosignal==1.3.1
    # via aiohttp
annotated-types==0.6.0
    # via pydantic
anyio==4.1.0
    # via
    #   httpx
    #   langchain-core
async-timeout==4.0.3
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   langchain
attrs==23.1.0
    # via aiohttp
certifi==2023.11.17
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
cffi==1.16.0
    # via cryptography
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via requests
cryptography==41.0.7
    # via pypdf
dataclasses-json==0.6.3
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
exceptiongroup==1.2.0
    # via anyio
frozenlist==1.4.1
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
greenlet==3.0.2
    # via sqlalchemy
h11==0.14.0
    # via httpcore
httpcore==1.0.2
    # via httpx
httpx==0.25.2
    # via medprompt (setup.py)
idna==3.6
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   yarl
jinja2==3.1.2
    # via medprompt (setup.py)
jsonpatch==1.33
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
jsonpointer==2.4
    # via jsonpatch
kink==0.7.0
    # via medprompt (setup.py)
langchain==0.0.350
    # via medprompt (setup.py)
langchain-community==0.0.3
    # via langchain
langchain-core==0.1.1
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
langsmith==0.0.71
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
markupsafe==2.1.3
    # via jinja2
marshmallow==3.20.1
    # via dataclasses-json
multidict==6.0.4
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
mypy-extensions==1.0.0
    # via typing-inspect
numpy==1.26.2
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
packaging==23.2
    # via
    #   langchain-core
    #   marshmallow
pycparser==2.21
    # via cffi
pydantic==2.5.2
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
    #   langsmith
pydantic-core==2.14.5
    # via pydantic
pypdf[crypto]==3.17.2
    # via medprompt (setup.py)
python-dotenv==1.0.0
    # via medprompt (setup.py)
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
requests==2.31.0
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
    #   langsmith
sniffio==1.3.0
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
sqlalchemy==2.0.23
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
striprtf==0.0.26
    # via medprompt (setup.py)
tenacity==8.2.3
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
typing-extensions==4.9.0
    # via
    #   kink
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   typing-inspect
typing-inspect==0.9.0
    # via dataclasses-json
urllib3==2.1.0
    # via requests
yarl==1.9.4
    # via aiohttp
